In this section, we'll be looking more at Kinesis Data Analytics and how
it's used to process streaming data in near real time.
So what is Kinesis Data Analytics, and how can we use it
to interact with our streaming data?
Well,
to start Kinesis Data Analytics will need a data
source that sends it streaming data.
This will either be a Kinesis Data Stream or Kinesis Firehose delivery stream,
and we'll talk about these both in more detail later.
This data flows in from the input stream source through to Kinesis Data
Analytics where all of the magic happens. Inside of Kinesis Data Analytics, the
data can be analyzed where our SQL queries are run against the incoming data to
review the contents or gather insights about what's in there, or transformed,
where data of one format might be modified into another format, or unused data
might be removed if we don't want it at all. You might also do something like
aggregate your data, where you take a series of records for all website actions,
for example,
and then summarize them into intervals. After the data is acted on with these
processes or with other processes like machine learning or looking for top
items, the data is then output to a destination, like Kinesis Data Streams or
Kinesis Data Firehose delivery streams.
From here,
the data in the destination streams might be picked up by other
applications or output to storage solutions like Amazon S3. Next, let's look at some of the possible sources for Kinesis Data Analytics.